lib/backup/fslocal: clean directory path to handle trailing slash (#10825)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/) and [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): properly obtain `__meta_hetzner_hcloud_location` and `__meta_hetzner_hcloud_location_network_zone` labels for [hetzner_sd_configs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/sd_configs/#hetzner_sd_configs). Hetzner changed discovery [API response](https://docs.hetzner.cloud/changelog#2025-12-16-phasing-out-datacenters) and returns `location` information from different field. See [#10909](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10909). Thanks to @juliusrickert for contribution.
* BUGFIX: `vminsert` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): properly discover addresses of storage nodes with [enterprise automatic-vmstorage-discovery](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/#automatic-vmstorage-discovery). Bug was introduced at [v1.141.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/blob/master/docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md#v11410).

> * BUGFIX: [vmbackup](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmbackup/): fix the bug where ending with a trailing forward slash in `-storageDataPath` would cause `vmbackup` to panic. See [#10823](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10823). Thanks to @utafrali for the contribution.

Reviewer: vmbackup does not panic on trailing slash present in -storageDataPath, only vmrestore does.

```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmrestore](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmrestore/): fix a bug where specifying `-storageDataPath` with a trailing slash could cause `vmrestore` to panic. See [#10823](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10823). Thanks to @utafrali for the contribution.
```
